# WebTW

This is a little project that implements the most important features of [Taskwarrior](https://taskwarrior.org/) for me.  
I try to follow the "Getting Things Done" principle, so I need some features to be used on my mobile and on all devices i use frequently.  

These are:  

* Contexted tasks
* Create new task
* Modify/define due, wait, project, estimation, tags, annotations
* Set task done

## Installation

Clone it: [WebTW Repository](https://github.com/ulrichschinz/webtw)

## Build and start jar

To build the project run:  

```bash
± clojure -T:build ci
```

This will create a jar-file in the `target/` directory. Then you can use it:  

```bash
± java -jar target/webtw-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar
```

By default the app will start listening on port 4040.

## Configuration

To protect the app from being used by anyone basic-auth is used.  
Currently it is defaulted to user `bau` and password `bap`.  
You can configure it by providing user and pass as environment variables:  

```bash
± export BASIC_AUTH_USER="hans"
± export BASIC_AUTH_PASS="dampf"
± java -jar target/webtw-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar
INFO: Starting httpkit server on port: 4040
```

## Build docker image

```bash
λ ± docker build -t webtw .
```

### docker-compose example



## Run repl

For developmen purpose I use a repl and some configuration in my vim.  
Hint: Clojure has to be installed to get it running ;).  
To start the repel you can do the following:  

```bash
± clojure -M:repl/rebel
nREPL server started on port 32869 on host localhost - nrepl://localhost:32869
[Rebel readline] Type :repl/help for online help info
user=> (require 'de.schinz.webtw)
nil
user=> (in-ns 'de.schinz.webtw)
#namespace[de.schinz.webtw]
de.schinz.webtw=> (-main)
INFO: Starting httpkit server on port: 4040
#function[clojure.lang.AFunction/1]
de.schinz.webtw=>
```

Here we go, tha app is started and you can start developing... Have fun!

## Usage

FIXME: explanation

Run the project directly, via `:exec-fn`:

    $ clojure -X:run-x
    Hello, Clojure!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -X:run-x :name '"Someone"'
    Hello, Someone!

Run the project directly, via `:main-opts` (`-m de.schinz.webtw-backend`):

    $ clojure -M:run-m
    Hello, World!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -M:run-m Via-Main
    Hello, Via-Main!

Run the project's tests (they'll fail until you edit them):

    $ clojure -T:build test

Run the project's CI pipeline and build an uberjar (this will fail until you edit the tests to pass):

    $ clojure -T:build ci

This will produce an updated `pom.xml` file with synchronized dependencies inside the `META-INF`
directory inside `target/classes` and the uberjar in `target`. You can update the version (and SCM tag)
information in generated `pom.xml` by updating `build.clj`.

If you don't want the `pom.xml` file in your project, you can remove it. The `ci` task will
still generate a minimal `pom.xml` as part of the `uber` task, unless you remove `version`
from `build.clj`.

Run that uberjar:

    $ java -jar target/webtw-backend-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar

If you remove `version` from `build.clj`, the uberjar will become `target/webtw-backend-standalone.jar`.

## Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections
### That You Think
### Might be Useful

## License

Copyright © 2023 Uli

_EPLv1.0 is just the default for projects generated by `clj-new`: you are not_
_required to open source this project, nor are you required to use EPLv1.0!_
_Feel free to remove or change the `LICENSE` file and remove or update this_
_section of the `README.md` file!_

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License version 1.0.
